of Despair these families have been
displaced multiple times and now that
they may well be forced to move again
hind Al
jaaz two people have been wounded in a
stabbing attack at an Israeli checkpoint
near occupied East Jerusalem the alleged
asant was shot dead by Israeli forces at
the scene well the Israeli military then
raided the alleged attacker's home in
the neighborhood of jabal Al muker in
occupied East
Jerusalem Israeli Prime Minister Benin
Netanyahu was canceled a war cabinet
meeting meant to discuss the post-war
plan for Gaza he's been facing growing
criticism from members of his own
cabinet of talks for the day after in
Gaza farite members of the ruling
Coalition have announced they'll be
holding their own meeting in protest
over their planned exclusion from the
discussions well Alan Fischer joins us
live now from occupied East Jerusalem
Alan so this Israeli War cabinet meeting
was cancelled at very short notice what
is this telling us
Alan okay let let's remind ourselves
there's a war cabinet Freeman War
cabinet there's The Wider security
cabinet and then there is the full
political cabinet the war cabinet was
due to me what would they meant to talk
about well the deal that is being
discussed with Hamas the Israelis being
negotiated by the Egyptians the qataris
and the Americans about the exchange of
captives in Gaza for prisoners being
held in Israeli jails that are
Palestinian now that seems relatively
uncontroversial and Benjamin Netanyahu
told the families of those being held
captive in a meeting on Thursday
afternoon that negotiations are still
ongoing the second thing that was going
to be discussed at the war cabinet was
what Gaza looks like the day after the
war but that's why Benjamin Netanyahu
canceled it because one of his political
cabinet one of his allies in the
coalition government bazel smrc decided
that he didn't want that discussion to
take place he is very much against the
Palestinian Authority having any role in
Gaza after the war he's very much
against transferring any money to the
Palestinian Authority and as the
Americans have been urging and so under
that pressure Benjamin Netanyahu decided
that the war cabinet would not have any
discussions about this instead he would
leave it to the wider security cabinet
which is going to take place we're told
on Tuesday but it shows the internal
pressure that Benjamin Netanyahu is
under he knows that there has to be a
plan drawn up for Gaza the day after
he's under pressure from internal
security service from the the the uh
Israeli Army and also from the Americans
to have a plan in place but he canceled
it because he was worried that it could
fracture his Coalition could fracture
his government and would mean that his
position as prime minister would be at
risk and Alan away from those political
divisions what more details are now
emerging about that stabbing incident in
occupied East
Jerusalem uh this happened uh last night
a young 23-year-old Palestinian man
allegedly stabbed
two Israeli police officers stroke Army
at a checkpoint at jabel muker which is
on the edge of uh occupied East
Jerusalem uh one of those who was
stabbed is in a serious condition in
hospital the other one was wounded the
23-year-old man was shot dead at the
scene uh the Israeli Army then went to
the house and arrested the mother the
father and the sister of the young man
now they'll be held for questioning
essentially asking them did you know
about this what did you know about this
and if you did know about it why didn't
you tell us more often than not they're
completely in the dark as well the house
was ransacked but this is a
controversial policy because essentially
this is seen as collective punishment
for the family because of what someone
did there is also the possibility that
the house might be demolished that will
be a decision taken by the courts but
again this is the idea of collective
punishment which has been criticized by
many human rights organizations that if
someone in your family does something
wrong then the whole family suffers as
well it's still got to go through the
courts as I say but the Israelis take
this Collective punishment idea because
they believe it acts as a deterrent to
stop these sort of attacks but the
reality and the evidence proves that it
really doesn't all right Alan Fisher
live for us there in occupied East
Jerusalem Alan thank you meanwhile the
Israeli military has continued carrying
out overnight raids across the